Scope

FileFixer aims to automatically rename files, which have been downloaded from, and named by, myeLearning - an online content management platform. The downloaded files are saved with a name generated by the platform. However, this name does not adhere to the naming convention required by the platform for reuploading. FileFixer utilizes a user created folder, which holds a CSV file consisting of individual student information and assignment files, to parse the names of the assignment files and convert them to the upload naming convention. The system should also track the number and names of students that have not submitted an assignment by the deadline. This is done by comparing the Student Identifier of the renamed files with those in the CSV File containing all the students that require feedback. This system will simplify the process which is necessary for the uploading of marked assignments by lecturers. That is, lecturers would no longer be required to manually rename individual student files, as FileFixer changes the incorrect name to one which is accepted by myeLearning. This saves lecturers time and effort.

Boundaries

This project will affect staff operations only. The way in which students interact with the system will not be affected.This solution will be implemented solely on the myeLearning platform. All other systems/subsystems are outside of the scope.

Risks

The newly implemented FileFixer system may inadvertently create bugs if the SOLID design principles are not adhered to. It may also make the codebase illegible, i.e. making it difficult for programmers to interpret and debug.
